# raustats

## Introduction

#' raustats: An R package for accessing data and statistics from the ABS and RBA websites
#'
#' The raustats package provides structured access to all.
#'
#' To learn more about the raustats package, start with the vignettes:
#' \code{browseVignettes(package = "raustats")}

The [Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS)](http://www.abs.gov.au/) is
Australia’s national statistical agency, providing trusted official
statistics on a wide range of economic, social, population and
environmental matters of importance to Australia. Key ABS statistical
collections include:
 
  * Australian National Accounts
  * International Trade
  * Consumer Price Index (CPI)
  * Labour Force
  * Population trends


The [Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA)](http://www.rba.gov.au/) is
Australia's central bank. In addition to its legislative
responsibilities, it collects and publishes statistics on money,
credit, the Australian banking systems and other relevant economic
metrics. Key RBA statistics include:

  * Banking system assets and liabilities
  * Money and credit statistics
  * Household and business finances
  * Interest rates
  * Exchange rates
  * Inflation and inflation expectations.


The ABS and RBA make their statistics primarily available through
Excel and/or CSV spreadsheets. The functions 


This package provides functions to search and download data and
statistics from the [Australian Bureau of Statistics
(ABS)](http://www.abs.gov.au/) and [Reserve Bank of Australia
(RBA)](http://www.rba.gov.au/) websites, as well as draft access to
the ABS.Stat - Beta data catalogue API.

The ABS is Australia’s national statistical agency, providing trusted
official statistics on a wide range of economic, social, population
and environmental matters of importance to Australia. Key ABS
statistical collections include:
 
  * Australian National Accounts
  * International Trade
  * Consumer Price Index (CPI)
  * Labour Force
  * Population trends


The RBA is Australia's central bank. In addition to its legislative
responsibilities, it collects and publishes statistics on money,
credit, the Australian banking systems and other relevant economic
metrics. Key RBA statistics include:

  * Banking system assets and liabilities
  * Money and credit statistics
  * Household and business finances
  * Interest rates
  * Exchange rates
  * Inflation and inflation expectations.

The ABS and RBA make their statistics primarily available through
Excel and/or CSV spreadsheets. The functions 

